OSDOCS10256: Added a section regarding FIPS compliant support for cert manager (#76688)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cert-manager-fips-support.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/cert_manager_operator/index.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cert-manager-fips-support_{context}"]
= About FIPS compliance for {cert-manager-operator}

> Red Hat {cert-manager-operator} is designed for FIPS. When running on {product-title} in FIPS mode, it uses the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted to NIST for FIPS Validation on only the x86_64, ppc64le, and s390X architectures. For more information about the NIST validation program, see "cryptographic module validation program". For the latest NIST status for the individual versions of the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted for validation, see "compliance activities and government standards". 

Reviewer: Possible repetition of the word "Red Hat". Also, we need to include that FIPS support is only available in 1.14.0+.
```suggestion
{cert-manager-operator} is designed for FIPS starting v1.14.0 and above. When running on {product-title} in FIPS mode, it uses the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted to NIST for FIPS Validation on only the x86_64, ppc64le, and s390X architectures. For more information about the NIST validation program, see "cryptographic module validation program". For the latest NIST status for the individual versions of the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted for validation, see "compliance activities and government standards". 
```

> {cert-manager-operator} is designed for FIPS starting v1.14.0 and above. When running on {product-title} in FIPS mode, it uses the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted to NIST for FIPS Validation on only the x86_64, ppc64le, and s390X architectures. For more information about the NIST validation program, see "cryptographic module validation program". For the latest NIST status for the individual versions of the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted for validation, see "compliance activities and government standards".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.14.0, {cert-manager-operator} is designed for FIPS compliance. When running on {product-title} in FIPS mode, it uses the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted to NIST for FIPS validation on the x86_64, ppc64le, and s390X architectures. For more information about the NIST validation program, see "cryptographic module validation program". For the latest NIST status for the individual versions of the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted for validation, see "compliance activities and government standards".
```

Another thing to consider here: both the supplementary resources are external links rather than xrefs, so you could stick them right in the text for easier findability. So: 

```suggestion
Starting with version 1.14.0, {cert-manager-operator} is designed for FIPS compliance. When running on {product-title} in FIPS mode, it uses the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted to NIST for FIPS validation on the x86_64, ppc64le, and s390X architectures. For more information about the NIST validation program, see link:https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/validated-modules[Cryptographic module validation program]. For the latest NIST status for the individual versions of the RHEL cryptographic libraries submitted for validation, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/2918071#fips-140-2-and-fips-140-3-2[Compliance activities and government standards].
```

> To enable FIPS mode, you must install {cert-manager-operator} on an Openshift Cluster configured to operate in FIPS mode. For more information, see "2.1.4. Do you need extra security for your cluster?”

Reviewer 2: The "2.1.4" heading number is not part of the heading and can change w/o notice:
```suggestion
To enable FIPS mode, you must install {cert-manager-operator} on an {product-title} cluster configured to operate in FIPS mode. For more information, see "Do you need extra security for your cluster?"
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/cert_manager_operator/index.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cert-manager-fips-support_{context}"]
= About FIPS compliance for {cert-manager-operator}

> For many {product-title} customers, regulatory readiness, or compliance, on some level is required before any systems can be put into production. That regulatory readiness can be imposed by national standards, industry standards or the organization's corporate governance framework. The {cert-manager-operator} now supports Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) compliance, a crucial requirement for highly secure environments to ensure the use of approved cryptographic technologies within the cluster.

Reviewer: Looks good to me, except maybe you can add "FIPS 140" added specifically.
Also, you can add that with the new changes cert-manager now uses NIST validated crypto libraries.

Reviewer: Additionally, I found a slide deck with some FIPS wordings
maybe you could refer that as well:  [Red Hat Internal] https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Rt0AoUK12__2CQgWM_Qk9A7GPEqKMO4mQZhW3mA4pU8/edit#slide=id.g2696a798143_1_0
since we're (cert-manager-operator) technically an OpenShift Layered product.

Author: Great. Let me rephrase it.
